docs: add weeklyreport 0314 (#969)
iresty/iresty.github.io: website/blog/2022/03/24/weekly-report-0314.md

---

> title: Biweekly Report｜Explore the week of Mar 1 - Mar 14

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Biweekly Report｜Explore the weeks of Mar 1st - Mar 14th
```

keywords:
- Apache APISIX
- API Gateway
- Weekly Report
- Contributor
description: The Apache APISIX Community Weekly Report hopes to help community members better understand the weekly progress of the Apache APISIX community and and facilitate everyone to participate in the Apache APISIX community.
tags: [Events]
---

> > From 3.1 to 3.14, 44 contributors submitted 131 commits for Apache APISIX. Thank you all for your contributions to Apache APISIX. It is your selfless contribution to make the Apache APISIX project better!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> From March 1st to  March 14th, 44 contributors submitted 131 commits for Apache APISIX. Thank you all for your contributions to Apache APISIX. It is your selfless contribution to make the Apache APISIX project better!
```

## Recent Blog Recommendations

- [How to Integrate API Gateway with Eureka?](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2022/03/05/apisix-integration-eureka-service-discovery)：

  This article describes how to enable Eureka as a service discovery in the API gateway Apache APISIX and how to use diagnostic tools to find problems in the link.

- [Making It Simple, Apache APISIX Integrates ClickHouse to Improve Logging Efficiency](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2022/03/04/apigateway-clickhouse-makes-logging-easier):

  This article describes how community contributor Zhendong Qi contributed clickhouse-logger to Apache APISIX and how he used the plugin to simplify the business architecture and improve the efficiency of logging.

- [Apache APISIX and CoreDNS open new doors for service discovery](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2022/03/04/apisix-uses-coredns-enable-service-discovery):

  As a cloud native API gateway, Apache APISIX also integrates multiple service discovery capabilities. This article will show you how to configure CoreDNS in Apache APISIX.

- [How to Use Gitpod to Develop API Gateway?](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2022/03/03/develop-apisix-with-gitpod):

>   This article introduces the open source cloud IDE product - Gitpod, and demonstrates how to use Gitpod to develop API gateway Apache APISIX and solutions to common problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How to Integrate API Gateway with Eureka?](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2022/03/05/apisix-integration-eureka-service-discovery)

  This article describes how to enable Eureka as a service discovery in the API gateway Apache APISIX and how to use diagnostic tools to find problems in the link.

- [Making It Simple, Apache APISIX Integrates ClickHouse to Improve Logging Efficiency](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2022/03/04/apigateway-clickhouse-makes-logging-easier)

  This article describes how community contributor Zhendong Qi contributed clickhouse-logger to Apache APISIX and how he used the plugin to simplify the business architecture and improve the efficiency of logging.

- [Apache APISIX and CoreDNS open new doors for service discovery](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2022/03/04/apisix-uses-coredns-enable-service-discovery)

  As a cloud native API gateway, Apache APISIX also integrates multiple service discovery capabilities. This article will show you how to configure CoreDNS in Apache APISIX.

- [How to Use Gitpod to Develop API Gateway?](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2022/03/03/develop-apisix-with-gitpod)

  This article introduces the open source cloud IDE product - Gitpod, and demonstrates how to use Gitpod to develop API gateway Apache APISIX and solutions of common problems.
```
